README.md, before:

# Challenge 1 "Horiseon" for Boot Camp

## **Description**

This project was the first challenge of our boot camp focused on refactoring a Horiseon webpage to create a more efficient and optimized code. We were asked to review the provided source code and make changes as we see fit to meet the acceptance criteria. 

---

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```

## **List of Changes**

### HTML Changes: 
*All changes made to HTML are also documented in the index.html file*
- Added meta tag viewport for best practices
- Updated Title to be more specific/descriptive
- Added alt text to all images/graphics
- Changed .search-engine-optimization, .online-reputation-management, .social-media-marketing from classes to IDs to remove redundancy but keep the links on the page working
	#### Semantic Changes:
	- ` Changed header <div> to <header> and removed redundant class `
	- ` Changed nav <div> to <nav> `
	- ` Changed background picture <div> to <figure> `
	- ` Changed content <div> to <main> `
	- ` Changed the 3 <div> sections in <main> to <article> `
	- ` Changed sidebar <div> to <aside> `
	- ` Changed footer <div> to <footer> and removed class  `

### CSS Changes:
 *All changes made to CSS are also documented in the style.css sheet*
- Changed ".header" class to "header" element selector
- Changed all the ".head div" sections to "nav" selector and removed redundant selectors
- Changed ".benefits" to "aside" 
- Combined all the repetitive redundancies for the various .benefit selectors
- Changed #search-engine-optimization, #online-reputation-management, #social-media-marketing from classes to IDs and also condensed redundant selectors
- Changed footer class selector to footer element selector to match semantic html changes

---

## **Usage**

To view/use this project, it can be accessed by going [here](jwatkins28.github.io/Challenge-One-Horiseon). If you'd like to view the code you can use the DevTools in your browser or view the files in the repository. In the style.css file, all the changes made are documented.

---

## **Credits**

- UT Bootcamp
- Nikki and the TA's
- Myself 😁 

---

Commit message:

Some final changes to the CSS sheet. Reordered some selectors to better suit the semantics of the HTML

README.md, after:

# Challenge 1 "Horiseon" for Boot Camp

## **Description**

This project was the first challenge of our boot camp focused on refactoring a Horiseon webpage to create a more efficient and optimized code. We were asked to review the provided source code and make changes as we see fit to meet the acceptance criteria. 

---

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```

## **List of Changes**

### HTML Changes: 
*All changes made to HTML are also documented in the index.html file*
- Added meta tag viewport for best practices
- Updated Title to be more specific/descriptive
- Added alt text to all images/graphics
- Changed .search-engine-optimization, .online-reputation-management, .social-media-marketing from classes to IDs to remove redundancy but keep the links on the page working
	#### Semantic Changes:
	- ` Changed header <div> to <header> and removed redundant class `
	- ` Changed nav <div> to <nav> `
	- ` Changed background picture <div> to <figure> `
	- ` Changed content <div> to <main> `
	- ` Changed the 3 <div> sections in <main> to <article> `
	- ` Changed sidebar <div> to <aside> `
	- ` Changed footer <div> to <footer> and removed class  `

### CSS Changes:
 *All changes made to CSS are also documented in the style.css sheet*
- Changed ".header" class to "header" element selector
- Changed all the ".head div" sections to "nav" selector and removed redundant selectors
- Changed the order of the "main" and "aside" selectors to better reflect the semantics of the HTML
- Changed #search-engine-optimization, #online-reputation-management, #social-media-marketing from classes to IDs and also condensed redundant selectors
- Changed ".benefits" to "aside" 
- Combined all the repetitive redundancies for the various .benefit selectors
- Changed footer class selector to footer element selector to match semantic html changes

---

## **Usage**

To view/use this project, it can be accessed by going [here](jwatkins28.github.io/Challenge-One-Horiseon). If you'd like to view the code you can use the DevTools in your browser or view the files in the repository. In the style.css file, all the changes made are documented.

---

## **Credits**

- UT Bootcamp
- Nikki and the TA's
- Myself 😁 

---
